---
title: "Unlock the Secrets of ASPX Files and Convert to PDF Easily - Discover the Ultimate Solution Now!"
ShowToc: true 
date: "2023-01-14"
author: "Judith Ollendick"
---
*****
# Unlock the Secrets of ASPX Files and Convert to PDF Easily - Discover the Ultimate Solution Now!

Are you having trouble accessing or sharing your ASPX files? Do you need to convert them to a PDF format for easy viewing and sharing? If so, you're in the right place!

ASPX files are used by Microsoft's ASP.NET web application framework to create dynamic web pages. While they are a powerful tool for web developers, ASPX files can be difficult for non-programmers to work with.

Thankfully, there is now an easy solution for converting ASPX files to PDF. Keep reading to learn how to unlock the secrets of ASPX files and convert them to PDF in just a few simple steps.

## Step 1: Download a PDF Converter Tool

To convert your ASPX files to PDF, you will need to download a PDF converter tool. A quick online search will reveal several options to choose from.

When selecting a PDF converter tool, make sure to choose one that is reliable, user-friendly, and capable of handling large files. Many PDF converter tools offer free trial periods, so be sure to take advantage of this before making a purchase.

## Step 2: Open the ASPX File in a Web Browser

Once you've downloaded your PDF converter tool, the next step is to open the ASPX file you wish to convert in a web browser.

To do this, simply navigate to the location of the file on your computer and double-click it. The file should open in your default web browser.

## Step 3: Print the ASPX File

With the ASPX file open in your web browser, the next step is to print it as a PDF.

To do this, click the Print button (usually located in the top right corner of your browser window). In the Print dialog box, select your PDF converter tool from the list of available printers and click Print.

## Step 4: Save the PDF File

Once you've clicked Print, your PDF converter tool will take over and generate a PDF version of the ASPX file.

Depending on the size of the file, this process may take a few seconds or several minutes. When the process is complete, you will be prompted to save the PDF file to your computer.

## Conclusion

Converting ASPX files to PDF doesn't have to be a hassle. By following these simple steps, you can easily unlock the secrets of ASPX files and create professional-looking PDF documents in just a few clicks.

Whether you need to share your ASPX files with colleagues or simply want a more user-friendly format for viewing and storing data, converting to PDF is the perfect solution. So why wait? Download your PDF converter tool today and start converting your ASPX files to PDF with ease!

{{< youtube dwMFg6uxQ0I >}} 



How To Open Any ASPX File (Convert ASPX To PDF): Computers, phones, etc. are a great source of storage and they store lots of data & files in them which are in different formats according to their usage. For example, the .docx file format is used for creating documents, the .pdf file format is used for read-only documents where you won’t be able to make any changes, etc. Moreover, if you have any tabular data, such data files are in .csv format, and if you have any compressed file it will be in .zip format, lastly, any file developed in .net language is in ASPX format, etc. Some of these files can open easily and some of them need to be converted into another format for accessing them and ASPX format file is one of them. The files which are in ASPX format cannot be opened directly in Windows and they need to be first converted into PDF format.
 
ASPX file: ASPX stands as an extension of Active Server Pages. This is first developed and introduced by Microsoft company. A file with ASPX file extension is an active server page extended file that is designed for Microsoft’s ASP.NET framework. Microsoft’s website and some other websites have an ASPX file extension instead of other extensions like .html and .php. ASPX files are generated by a web server and contain scripts and source codes that help communicate to a browser how a web page should be opened and displayed.
 

 
Windows don’t support ASPX extension and that is why if you want to open .aspx extension file you won’t be able to do so. The only way to open this file is to first convert it to another extension which is supported by Windows. Generally, ASPX extension files are converted into PDF format because the .aspx extension file can be easily read in the PDF format.
 
## How to Open Any ASPX File in Windows 10
 
There are many ways to open the .ASPX file and some of them are given below:
 
Contents
 
- How to Open Any ASPX File in Windows 10
 - Method 1: Rename the file ASPX file
 - Method 2: Convert the file into PDF file

 
#### Method 1: Rename the file ASPX file
 
If you try to open the .aspx file extension but found out that Windows is unable to open this file extension, then one simple trick can allow you to open this type of file. Just rename the extension of the file from .aspx to .pdf and voila! Now the file will open in PDF reader without any issues as PDF file format is supported by Windows. 
 
To rename file from .aspx extension to .pdf follow the below steps:
 
1.To rename any file, first of all, make sure that your computer settings are set up in such a way that you can view the extension of any file. So, for that follow the below steps:
 
a.Open the Run dialog box by pressing Windows key + R.
 
b.Type the below command in Run box.
 
Control folders
 
c.Click on OK or hit the enter button on your keyboard. Below dialog box will appear.
 
d.Switch to the View Tab.
 
e.Uncheck the box corresponding to Hide extensions for known file types.
 
f.Click on Apply button and then click on OK button.
 
2.As now you are able to see the extensions for all the files, right-click on your .aspx extension file.
 
3.Select Rename from the right-click context menu.
 
4.Now change the extension from .aspx to .pdf
 
5.You will get a warning that by changing the extension of the file, it may become unusable. Click on Yes.
 
6.Your file extension will change to .pdf
 
Now the file opens in the PDF format which is supported by Windows, so go ahead and open it. Read or see the information of the file without any issues.
 
Sometimes, the above method does not work as simply renaming the file can corrupt the contents of the file. In that case, you need to look for alternative methods which we have discussed below.
 
Also Read: How to Open EMZ Files on Windows 10
 
####  Method 2: Convert the file into PDF file
 
As ASPX is an Internet media type document, so with the help of modern browsers like Google Chrome, Firefox, etc. you can view & open the ASPX file on your computers by converting them into the PDF file.
 
To use the web browser to view the file, you need to follow the below steps:
 
1.Right-click on the file has .aspx extension.
 
2.From the menu bar appears, click on Open with.
 
3.Under Open with context menu select Google Chrome.
 
Note: If Google Chrome does not appear then click on “Choose another app” and browse under Program file then select Google Chrome folder and finally select the Google Chrome application. 
 
4.Click on Google Chrome and now your file can be easily opened locally in the browser.
 
Note: You can choose any other browser also like Microsoft Edge, Firefox, etc.
 
Now you can view your aspx file in any of the Web browser supported by Windows 10. But if you want to see the aspx file on your PC, then first convert it into pdf format and then you can easily view the contents of the aspx file.
 
To convert the aspx file into pdf follow the below steps:
 
1.Open the aspx file in the Chrome browser then press Ctrl + P key to open the Print page pop-up window.
 
2.Now from the Destination drop-down select “Save as PDF“.
 
3.After choosing Save as PDF option, click on Save button marked with blue color to convert the aspx file into a pdf file.
 
After completing the above steps, your aspx file will convert into the pdf file and you can open it on your PC and can view its content easily.
 
You can also convert the aspx file to pdf file using the online converters. Converting the files can take some time but you will get a downloadable pdf file. Some of these online converters are:
 
- Web2pdfconvert
 - UrlToPdf
 - Web To PDF

 
To convert the aspx file into pdf using these online converters you just have to upload your aspx file and click on Convert to PDF button. Depending upon the file size, your file will be converted into PDF and you will see a download button. Click on it and your PDF file will be downloaded which you now easily open in on Windows 10.
 
Recommended:
 
- Unblock YouTube When Blocked In Offices, Schools or Colleges?
 - Quickly Clear All Cache in Windows 10 [The Ultimate Guide]
 - 3 Ways to Update Google Play Store [Force Update]
 - 3 Ways to Check Hard Drive RPM

 
So, by following the above methods, you can easily open any ASPX file by converting ASPX to PDF. But if you still have any queries regarding this tutorial then don’t hesitate to ask them in the comment’s section below.




