---
title: "Is Your iPhone About to Explode? Discover the Secret Hack to Instantly Cool Down Your Device Before It's Too Late!"
ShowToc: true 
date: "2023-01-31"
author: "Pete Carlson"
---
*****
Is Your iPhone About to Explode? Discover the Secret Hack to Instantly Cool Down Your Device Before It's Too Late!

Have you ever noticed that your iPhone is getting hot when you're using it for a long time? While this may be a common problem, it's not something you should ignore. The truth is that a hot iPhone is a sign of danger, and it could be about to explode.

An overheating iPhone is a common problem that many people experience, especially when they use the device for extended periods. In most cases, the problem is caused by the iPhone's processor, which generates a lot of heat when running power-hungry apps. This heat can cause the battery to become unstable and potentially explode, which can put you and others in danger.

The good news is that there is a secret hack that you can use to cool down your iPhone before it's too late. This hack involves a simple trick that can quickly reduce the temperature of your device and prevent it from overheating.

The first step in this hack is to close all power-intensive apps running on your iPhone. This will reduce the amount of heat generated by the processor, which will help to cool down your device. You can do this by double-clicking the home button and swiping up on each app to close it.

The next step is to turn off Location Services on your iPhone. This feature uses GPS and other services that can generate a lot of heat and drain your battery faster. By turning off Location Services, you can reduce the load on your iPhone's processor and keep your device cooler.

Another tip is to turn off Wi-Fi and Bluetooth when you're not using them. These features can also put a strain on your iPhone's processor, and turn it into a heat factory. Hence, by turning them off when you're not using them, you can help to reduce the heat generated by your iPhone.

Moreover, reducing the brightness of your display can also help to cool down your iPhone. Brighter screens tend to consume more battery, which will generate additional heat. By reducing the brightness of your display, you'll reduce the amount of heat generated by your iPhone's battery.

Lastly, avoid keeping your iPhone in direct sunlight or near heat sources. Extreme heat can cause your battery to expand, which can lead to swelling and a potentially dangerous situation. Therefore, it is essential to keep your iPhone away from hot places.

In conclusion, an overheating iPhone is not something to take lightly. It's essential to keep your device cool and reduce the risk of a potential explosion. By following the secret hack above, you can keep your device safe and extend its lifespan. Try this hack the next time your iPhone starts to feel hot, and you'll see a significant difference in its performance.

{{< youtube ymXsrZqAM98 >}} 



iOS is to date one of the most robust mobile operating systems, and with that comes automatic power and heat management. Even so, things do go wrong, even to the point of permanently damaging your iPhone’s hardware. If your iPhone is hot to the touch or you’re unlucky enough to get a temperature warning, this article will detail some of the quickest fixes to cool down your overheating iPhone and bring it back to optimum operating temperature.
 
## What Are Optimum Operating Temperatures?
 
iPhones are designed to run from 32° to 95° Fahrenheit, which is equivalent to 0° to 35° Celsius. You will find this to be the case with most electronic equipment, from TVs to gaming consoles. Once the optimal temperature threshold is exceeded and you see a warning screen, the phone will automatically enter a cool-down mode.
 
Here is what happens in a cool-down mode:
 
- Display loses brightness or goes black entirelyCharging becomes non-responsive or extraordinarily slowCamera flash is disabledSignal is weak

 
Nonetheless, you will still be able to make emergency calls.
 
## What Can Cause Overheating?
 
There are three main causes of an overheating device.
 
### The processor is under a heavy workload
 
If you’re playing graphics-intensive games or editing and exporting 4K video, you’ll likely see rapid battery drain and increasing heat. This is due to the fact there are no fans to cool down the processor, as you would find in laptops and desktop PCs, and the aluminum shell isn’t able to expel enough heat on its own. In most cases, the device will simply get warm. This shouldn’t be enough to do damage or even to provoke a temperature-warning screen.
 
### You left your device in a hot environment
 
Keeping your iPhone in a hot car or direct sunlight is definitely something to avoid. This is drastically exacerbated if your phone has a black casing. Black color absorbs all light wavelengths, unlike the color white that reflects most light. This alone will cause excessive heat, which can wreak havoc on the battery and other components. 
 
Therefore, if it’s a day at the beach, keep your iPhone under a light-colored towel or in the shade. Parking the car for a while? Keep your phone hidden under the shade and crack the windows – or take it with you. I know it seems relatively simplistic, but these two reasons alone – both due to the device being left in a warm place – are the most common culprits for an overheating device.
 
### The battery is failing
 
A failing battery can expel a lot of heat. If you believe this to be the case, immediately power down the device and have it serviced. Very rarely should this be an issue, as iOS has steps to follow in case of a battery malfunction – mainly, iOS prompting the device to shut down without user input. You can run a battery diagnostic to check for signs of a battery failure, how to avoid it, and steps for having your iPhone serviced.
 
## Additional Steps
 
Most definitely do not place your device into a refrigerator or freezer in hopes of speeding up the cooling process. While this is a method of solving the issue, it would do more damage than it would help. Due to the rapid increase and decrease in temperature, overall battery charge capacity would be lowered due to damage.
 
However, a few things you can try instead include:
 
- Removing the case so the heat can escape more easilyClosing all running applications and disabling background app refreshEntering low power mode. (This will turn off multiple features, but you can turn them off individually if you’re reliant on them.)Dimming the displayTurning off location services, especially energy-intensive turn-by-turn map directionsTurning off BluetoothKeeping the device out of a warm environmentRunning battery diagnosticsServicing your device

 
## Wrapping Up
 
If the issue continues to arise after attempting the tips to cool down your overheating iPhone, and it is decided the battery isn’t to blame, you may want to look into restoring your device and restoring from backup. If your iPhone gets stuck while rebooting, try this fix to fix the issue.
 
Rahul Nambiampurath started his career as an accountant but has now transitioned into working full-time in the tech space. He is an ardent fan of decentralized and open source technologies. When he's not writing, he's usually busy making wine, tinkering with his android device, or hiking some mountains.
 
Our latest tutorials delivered straight to your inbox




