---
title: "Unlock the Ultimate Style Hack in Animal Crossing: How to Dress Your Character in Epic Final Fantasy 7 Remake Gear!"
ShowToc: true 
date: "2023-01-11"
author: "Grace Stewart"
---
*****
Title: Unlock the Ultimate Style Hack in Animal Crossing: How to Dress Your Character in Epic Final Fantasy 7 Remake Gear!

Introduction:

Animal Crossing has been one of the most popular games in the world of gaming. Thousands of players have been engaged in this cute and playful game ever since its launch. Dressing up their little characters in different outfits and expressing their style has been the primary attraction among players. But what if you could take it up a notch? What if you could unlock the ultimate style hack in Animal Crossing that allows you to dress your character in epic Final Fantasy 7 Remake Gear?

Body:

Final Fantasy 7 Remake is an iconic game that has stolen the hearts of millions of gamers. Its unique and stunning character designs have been a source of inspiration for many gamers who love to cosplay or dress up in chic styles. Now, Animal Crossing players can also dress their characters in the renowned Final Fantasy 7 Remake Gear.

The first step is to download custom designs made by the creative Animal Crossing community to get started. There are many websites available online that offer different designs inspired by Final Fantasy 7 Remake Gear that you can use to dress your character.

One of the most popular designs is the classic outfit of Cloud Strife, the main protagonist of the Final Fantasy 7 Remake. This iconic outfit features a black leather jacket paired with skinny jeans and boots. The design is available in different colors, allowing you to change the outfit according to your liking.

Another character-inspired design that you could try is the Tifa Lockhart outfit. This outfit features a black leather top combined with a mini-skirt and long gloves. You can pair it with black boots to complement the look.

Don't forget about the weapons! You can also customize your character's weapons to complete the Final Fantasy 7 Remake Gear ensemble. For instance, you can recreate Cloud's Buster Sword, which is the most iconic weapon of the game. You can use different materials and colors to make the sword look realistic.

Conclusion:

Animal Crossing has become more than just a game for players to escape reality. It has become a platform for players to showcase their creativity and express their unique style. By unlocking the ultimate style hack and dressing your character in Final Fantasy 7 Remake Gear, you can elevate your gaming experience to the next level. It's time to get creative and dress your character like your favorite Final Fantasy 7 Remake character today!

{{< youtube vyUmLD9n2Qg >}} 



Are you a fan of Final Fantasy 7 Remake and love the outfits of Cloud, Barret, Tifa and Aerith? Well, if you want to show off your love for FF7R in Animal Crossing New Horizons, it is now possible. You can make your character in ACNH wear and flaunt these outfits with some codes generated by a creative twitter user. Get excited because your worlds are about to collide in the cutest possible way.
 
## How to Get Final Fantasy 7 Remake Outfits in ACNH
 
Twitter user @the_regressor has made it easy for you. He has recreated Final Fantasy 7 Remake’s party members’ outfits in Animal Crossing New Horizons and they look pretty darn accurate. If you wish to go all out, you can also design your character’s hair to look just like Cloud, Aerith, Tifa or Barret.
 
Check out the tweet with all the codes you can use:
 

 
The #FF7R party patterns all in one place~#AnimalCrossingNewHorizons #ACNHDesigns pic.twitter.com/Fs58bmA8Kz
 
— The Regressor ? (@the_regressor) May 7, 2020
 
For those parts of the outfit where some skin is shown, additional codes are provided according to skin tones. Many players have already donned these outfits and are getting some really cool compliments from their villagers. Take a look at this tweet from @talitatops:
 
#AnimalCrossing #ACNH #NintendoSwitch@the_regressor Thank you for making such nice designs! My residents are just as impressed as me! pic.twitter.com/Ec2Qhe69wy
 
— 悲しみ怒り力に変えて? (@talitatops) May 9, 2020
 
With this, in a way, we can now get the best of both worlds. Be sure to check out all our Animal Crossing New Horizons guides, as well as Final Fantasy 7 Remake guides while you are here.




